Title: How Graduate Computing Students Search When Using an Unfamiliar Programming Language

 Authors : Gina bai, Joshua Kayani, Kathryn Stolee.

Conference Name : ICPC-2020 session 7 : About Developers at ICPC

INTRODUCTION AND MOTIVATION:
If we talk about developer/ computing students or programmers it is came  to know that every individual has their own goal for future or to gain mastery in any particular language. Based on their professional life and professional status.
This article is all about social and professional topics, computer science education, software and it’s engineering, general computer programming languages, information system and the most important information extraction based on situ survey and log searches.
To design any software there is a dire need to be aware with multiple languages [29,50] that is why developers is expect to master multiple languages. Developers often use opportunistic learning techniques or strategy, relating to the concepts of new learning language in comparison to their previous language.
Developer priorly uses code search which leads and has observed that method has difficulties to it is concluded that their should be specific or certain method to search and provide online source usage or consultation of doing any research. Understanding and addressing the challenges how learner encounter during search could leads to a better and finest experience for learners.

RESEARCH AND METHODOLOGY:

Methodology circulates around logging search and browser activity and how periodically serve each participant about their current task and activity. Highlighted points of methodology are given below:
•	To seek on the factors that make a query successful.
•	To provide better understanding of the code search results of related languages learners. 
•	Suggestions on improving the success of searches when learners working with an unfamiliar language.


They have covered 3 questions:
RQ1: why do subsequent languages learn search?
RQ2: what does a typical session entail for subsequent language learner?
RQ3: what are the factors that impact the success of each query for subsequent language learner?

They choose VBA (virtual basic for application) because it is very popular learning language 
With many online usage. But it is not commonly used by in the first graduate in computer science.
The five tasks which are given to learners are given below:
1.	Provide participants a list of numbers in a column and ask participants to record a macro and create a button that return the average value of numbers.
2.	Require participants to create button that creates a message “Hello world” on it once clicked.
3.	Provide participants a list of source in a column called Grade, ranging from 43 to 100, and ask participants to create button that populates column called P/F with p or f for pass or fail.
4.	Provide participants a list of phone numbers, in the format of (XXX) XXX-XXX and ask participants to create a button that populate a column called area code with unique area code and their associated count in a column called unit. They collect data by developing Google chrome extension to monitor students searches and prepare them searches in a research survey. They reformulate those search which they found relevant to VBA  they compile them to make survey.

RESULT:

RQ1: why do subsequent leaner search?

Ans: leaner most frequently code and potential ways to resolve bugs or errors in their programme.

RQ2: what does a typical search  session entail?

Ans: Each query was followed by a 3 results click on average. An average participant spent about five minutes before reformulating a query. Learners generated more verbose query than professional did. (5.6 words vs 1.9 words) and required longer time to scanthe search results.

RQ3: what are the factors impact the success of search queries?

Ans: when looking for APIs or implementations, 71 to 106 (66.4%) searches were successful. In addition to consulting documentation and tutorials led to more successful searches than Q&A sites. Learners frequently borrowed terms from languages with which they are familiar when compositing queries, these queries were more successful on average than the typical query.

CONCLUSION:

I believe that the whole research work for relevant and really beneficial to undergraduates/ fresh graduates to know about search system and it is highly recommend by being computer science students to get consultation via experienced people or by reading articles and have mastry in more languages to play with different software and to excess them.
